Supabase pagination involves retrieving data in smaller, manageable chunks rather than fetching an entire dataset at once. This is crucial for performance and user experience, especially with large tables. The core of Supabase pagination relies on two main features: count and range.
1. Fetching Total Count:
To determine the total number of items and calculate the total number of pages needed, you can include the count option in your select query.
This provides an exact count of rows matching your query, allowing you to compute the total pages based on your desired items per page.
JavaScript

const { data, count } = await supabase
  .from('your_table')
  .select('*', { count: 'exact' });
2. Retrieving Specific Pages using range:
The range operator allows you to specify a starting and ending index for the rows you want to retrieve.
You can calculate these indices based on the current page number and the number of items you want to display per page.
JavaScript

// Example: Fetching items for page 2, with 10 items per page
const page = 2;
const itemsPerPage = 10;
const from = (page - 1) * itemsPerPage;
const to = from + itemsPerPage - 1;

const { data, error } = await supabase
  .from('your_table')
  .select('*')
  .range(from, to);
Implementation Steps:
Determine Page and Items per Page: Manage the current page number and the desired number of items to display on each page within your application's state.
Calculate from and to indices: Use the current page and items per page to calculate the start and end indices for the range operator.
Construct the Supabase Query:
Use select to specify the columns you need.
Include { count: 'exact' } in the select options if you need the total count for pagination controls.
Apply order for consistent sorting.
Apply range(from, to) to fetch the specific page's data.
Display Data and Pagination Controls: Render the fetched data and provide user interface elements (e.g., "Next," "Previous" buttons, page numbers) to navigate between pages. Update the current page state and re-fetch data accordingly when the user interacts with these controls.
By combining count and range, you can efficiently implement pagination in your Supabase applications, providing a smooth experience for users interacting with large datasets.